you are now watching a Lucky Penny shop
product feature hello and welcome to
Lucky Penny shop it's an adventure
series playset Starbase Zeus from
tootsietoy and it says complete with
space station platform so list all the
different pieces here now this box I
would say is in fair condition let's get
that straight right off the bat let me
get some pieces out here and then we'll
show you the box in more detail here's
one of the side panels did not see
anything trip chipped or cracked on this
and then here is another side piece
didn't see any issues with this either
little red mark there and then here is
the main platform so there is a little
sticker issue here otherwise you know
could use a little gentle cleaning
didn't see any other issues there let's
let's just put it together let's just
set in pretty easy now we could set up
the platform there you go well I don't
lock in obviously okay and here's one of
the vehicles so it's played with that's
for sure and then here is another
vehicle right there here is base control
now base control doesn't look like it
sits flat for some reason and it looks
like it's a little warped on an office
from heat or what but it's what's a
sickness channel oh I guess it rocks
just a little if you could see that okay
and then we have pretty cool the way
they marked these it's a Zoltan Android
toy Hong Kong so he's worn on the
silver sections but he looks battle-worn
that's for sure here you go there
this one is Captain laser touchy toy I
made out of focus there bud Hey so it
looks like its finger where he's
pointing the black is war little on his
head backs of his calves so there you go
I might just slide is carefully over on
the side okay I'll show you this box
this is the one end and then this looks
like the platform of racial set in here
so it's missing this piece too and then
here's the back it shows you so it is
missing pieces then this end is
definitely seen better days the whole
box is seen better days but still
included look at those happy children so
these are what's missing these three and
then you're not actually getting the
main character major Mars it's a
different character in there so there
you go let slide that back in that's
pretty cool huh I mean just having fun
playing with so there you go that's the
Starbase Zeus adventure series places
thanks for watching our ebay product
video and always remember if you see a
Lucky Penny pick it up